Javascript
    It is used to add functionalities into webpage and webapps.
    It is interpreted language. (Direct execution, no compilation)
    It is a loosely typed language, because when we create a variable in js we cannot determine what type of data it contains until and unless we store data in a variable.
    We only need browser for its execution.
    v8 engine in Chrome is used for Javascript, spidermonkey is in Firefox.
    It is a object based language, window is a global object

-There are two ways to use js-
    Internal js: script tag is used for internal execution in html page(like <style> for css)
    external js: we create a separate js file and import it in the head section of html file(like .css file)

-Data types in js-
    number:15324532,0.5,15
    string:"" or '' 
    boolean: true or false
    NULL: variable with empty value(so garbage value isn't stored)
    undefined: When we dont know the datatype.
    array: Array is fixed length in c++, java but in  js it is dynamic 
    object(If we want data members of a class, we use object to access them. Static data types can be accessed outside of a class)

-How to get out in js-
    document.write() //document is an object, write is a method
        It will display output at bottom of a webpage.
    window.alert()      //window is an object, alert is a method
        It will display output in a popup window, it has the highest priority for execution.
    console.log()          // console is an object, log is a method
        It will display output in browser console.
    DOM(Document Object Model) 

-How to create a variable in js
    var x; //Declaration
    x=120; //Initialization
    var y="h1"; //Declaration and Initialisation

-Anonymous functions
    Function with no name.
    Its data type is function

-Arrow function
    Function with no name and no function keyword

-Optional Parameterized function
     No need to pass parameter, can use arrow or anonymous function.
     The 3rd parameter is used to pass the optional parameter

-spread paramterized function
    When we dont know how many parameters are required, then we use spread operator(...)

-advanced function
    how to get value from input control using DOM.

-Event
onClick

HW
Q) Calculator
Q) Choice(Drop Down), Color(new input type), set color to show the output.
Q) Permanent address same as temporary.

-Array
    It is used to store multiple values with same data type.
    In array data stored on index basis.
    array index always start from 0 index.
    Array denoted by []
    